Welcome to the home of towers and Smythe consulting the corporate scumbags hired by the bigger corporate scumbags in the landmark Neville Reid case
GSE is a firm fueled by greed duplicity and moral decay a place that ironically squeeze their job applicants for honesty
loyalty and integrity
Qualities I had in spades when I was fresh-faced and ready to take on the world my first day here
And here's me six months later
Late nights, no respect at the bank coffee all the shit that comes to paying your dues
But none of it could slow me down
I was striving for the success my family never had a seat at the big kids table with all the fixin's
all while paying back those goddamn student loans
But the higher, I rose the more
I felt like I was losing myself in the process and after discovering that loophole that won. The reed case the requisite promotion quickly followed
But by then it didn't matter that I thought he was guilty as fuck. I just wanted the corner office
And for my sins they gave me more
What a dick
Fuck stupid, can you get alright? Oh? You're sorry? I don't fucking paid to be fucking sorry Jenny
Hey morning, now. Dude you gotta see this you gotta see a sports app. I just got this today
man last year's Christmas party
That looks like you know
Yeah, that's you?
Did you get that oh
I googled a small dick dousche makes assistant work hard for a fake promise of a raise
And it was just like top search result like number one
Listen leave her alone or I'll sell this to your wife or a half of the half. She'll give him your divorce
It's good talk, bro
It may not be much more than us, but I'll take whatever goodwill I can pillage to sleep better at night
Thank God for coffee right
Your 9:00 a.m.. Is meeting room 3 where's my coffee cup
Don't know also. I know who took it. No
But I can get you another one. I don't want another mug I want my mug yep David from Vanacore
Derek Derek what David line one okay?
David I was just about to call you
It's my sister
Yeah
No, actually. I'm so sorry. I will not be able to make it to your birthday, but I will totally make it up to you
How do you know I started painting pretty good oh did he
I don't have time for art class
Yes
You are correct. I do not have time for anything. I don't have time for this conversation, but I love you very much
Thank you so much for calling. I gotta go. I love you. Bye
What's my 9 o'clock
How can I help you my client wants to pay this overdue debt to reverse the foreclosure
We just need TSE to tell the bank to allow more time. I'm sorry inform you but our client has a strong
They'll refinance policy then what do I tell mine?
Would you be open to discussing the possibility of deed-in-lieu?
Mm-hmm you don't know what I'm talking about do you?
You should see a lawyer. I am a lawyer if you were a lawyer you would know what a deed in Lewes
You're one of the borrower's aren't you?
So what's the deed in lieu it doesn't matter bank wouldn't agree to it anyway
Look you're not the first borrower. I pull this kind of scam
This this is a non-smoking room
So come stop be sued
Wait
We just need two more months
Families are involved here, but nobody listens. Not the banks not the lawyers I
Can't get past their damn secretaries
Look I am very sorry. This is happening to you
They don't kick me out the bank is kicking you out the bank is your client. It's the firm's client the firm's partners
Call the shots
No one raindrop thinks it calls the flood my mother used to say that
Now I understand what it means
Is there anything else I can do to help you can start by telling me the partner calling the shots on the case sure
That would be
Irene Smythe well, I want a word with this Irene Smythe or whoever right now sure you get her on the phone
You're in deep shit
Brenda wasn't feeling well, so I had to go up to the penthouse to cover for her for a bit. Uh-huh
Turns out the boss is meeting with Kara
And I'm pretty sure they were talking about you fucking up Evander court case or something wait
Are you I don't work vendor Corp. That's Kara's client. I know right
How can I help you Derrick Joe need an access code to the eighth floor Co
Cara Powell Director of Operations
Not effective for client matters, but with all things related to navigating internal company politics. She's fuckin Mussolini
He called her his siren
She's got the bosses here
And her songs are sweet poisoning
Mr.. Joe
To see Cara Powell
Your passcode is seven eight five
Ray stop talking if I hear another whining excuse from you I'll make sure you're back to building porn site banner ads by lunch
Do you understand me?
So stop playing video games in your troll cave and get the interoffice apps updated ASAP, okay, sweetie, okay?
Thank you so much. Bye. Bye
so
What could I do for you? It's nice mug?
Where'd you get it? I told my assistant to get me one and where did she get it Mac
Derrick here wants to know where you got the mug
You're my kitchen downstairs
Okay, and why did you choose that one because the other ones are filthy?
And why do you think this one wasn't because the maid cleaned it?
Incorrect I clean this mug because this mug is mine, and what's mine is mine, and what's yours is yours?
You're getting to a point Vanda Corp is your client that bloods on your hands oh?
Well, so now you want to share. I can't share what is it mine?
Vanda Corp has fought more than 100 account cases through us in the last two years well
Then I hope they have a good case manager you mean managers
No one can work a client that big without delegating and according to the annual work distribution sheets that hasn't been updated in years
one of Fanta crops complaint cases was assigned
To you
5:45 egg
I'm being set up
Wow that's wrong this will cost man before me this
Let's just planet, I'll cut you a deal
Plead guilty not guilty
The corpse was found inside your harness you exactly would have find it
Do you want to take this upstairs great idea?
Take your file
Want to swipe your keycard or should I swipe mine oh, oh I'm sorry I forgot you don't have clearance
My bad
Don't you worry little one
Daddy will pay for abandoning you and leaving you to die and that cold dirty dumpster
No, you died when you drowned because mommy left you in the bathtub while she went shopping for shoes
But don't worry daddy will make her pay
Too bad mommy outranks daddy mommy's a backstabbing bitch. That's why mommy outranks daddy
Right now what's his mood? He's drying, Shh
John towers capital t and t SC
King of the castle top of the food chain and total fuckin maniac you know your typical American success story
Did I mention that he also dabbles in the fine arts?
Tell me what you see here I
See that those soldiers lives are in danger sir do you think they'll make it no sir the fuse is too short
It's too late to run and what do you think they should be doing instead may I sir
So simple and yet so effective
Can you see it Derek? Can you see the solution to our problem here?
I think you mean her problem because she was the one that
You made the file
This is our bomb the fuse is already burning
So should we run like cowards and die we are brave sir? I'm so glad you said that
Because any second now Vanda Corp is gonna find out about this mess and I'm gonna need some scouts
so
Who dropped the ball I hate pointing fingers, but may I suggest you check the annual work distribution sheet
someone cooked the fucking worksheet
sir
Go on
Have you noticed that whenever there is a problem like this? It's almost always the same soldier involved
because down in the trenches we have all noticed and
we wonder if
Discharging this problem soldier might be the solution to preventing this kind of mess from ever happening again
And who would that be
Thank You Derek you can leave, let's discuss yes, sir I leave
Got a sec
Nothing like a little power meditation this one's new
Declan's walking already wobbling actually like you were last Friday night
Thanks for the ride by the way, thanks for puking in my car. It's what friends are for
So debrief me what happened. I just found someone else's shit swept under my carpet. What kind of shit
bender corporal shit
It's a seven-figure mistake. I didn't even touch the file don't sweat it
Those clowns working Vanda corpora bunch of serial screw-ups look. I realize you might not want to divulge siren
All right, let's take a big distraction
You could possibly be in charge of a case that big, but not big enough to be untouchable
That's why she shows you you're the perfect fall guy so before even taking this upstairs
You already took this upstairs and made a mess of things
But say I punch a rhino in the face, would you call that brave or stupid?
brave
And stupid she can't bravery and stupidity can overlap
That you understand that let me give her a call see if I can't find a way to cut you yeah
She already offered me a deal. I told her it has suck it and that this is war
War is over one come on Ankara
Oh, so natural selection happened pack your shit boxes are on a second
Kidding me Derek calm down
Your blue didn't you?
Like I need to stoop to that level
now
Get the fuck out of my face, I'm taking this to the line sure good luck with that and
When we move back
The nine the company's board of directors
Good morning. Everybody. This is the Van de Corp file
No one here goes up or down without their vote rumor has it that they're actually cybernetic organisms
But that hasn't been officially confirmed yet now
There's a common misconception about the death district during gladiatorial combat the actual phrase used in rolling text doesn't translate his thumbs down
But rather thumbs turned personally. I think we should hang draw and quarter the little fucker but uh you know that's just me
So let's vote that's because the victors finished off their opponents with the sword thrust across the throat so it's unanimous. Oh
Lester
Enter Lester McGill head of human resources no not her
that guy
He takes care of the firm's layoffs he's as cold as his methods are fishing a perfect fit here
Naturally, we call him the Reaper
And he's the last person you want to see standing in your doorway
Mind if I come in Derek
Thank you
Do you even know what happened hmm, I don't care what happened you must be good friends don't care of that I
Hope she dies
promptly
Glad we're on the same page um Denine listened to you, and I have proof
Sign was not - and
You're the hell are you doing?
my job
So you are on our side? I'm on the right side always I am that's why it's me firing you
Fuck you
Sign these documents from upstairs so I can clear accounting to transfer your severance pay into your account
You know what this is this is a statement?
Saying that I take full responsibility over the vendor Corvis. I will have to file that under end for not my problem
I could be disbarred I
Could face legal action from the client
I'm just the messenger Derek yelling at me is like yelling at your watch because you're late. Why would I sign this crap?
To get rich
Glad to see we're now on the same page I
Can see I'm not
You want to do this the hard way I want to do this the right way I
Want to speak with him in the nine executive decisions are not subject to appeal this one fucking better be
Because I'm not leaving this building until I plead my case
understood
Hell is going on one of our pathogen snipers in the building's ventilation
system picked up traces of the ID 7 virus and who
Authorized you to install a sniffer in my building anyway since the outbreak in Des Moines
Detection devices are now legally required in public places des moines fucked
According to our projections those infected in the building will begin to display symptoms soon, if not already
Our experts have already released a neutralizer into your ventilation system all traces of the virus should be eliminated in
Approximately eight hours until then this building is officially under quarantine
So what are we supposed to do for the next eight hours try to remain calm, so?
There I was getting the shit kicked out of me on the lobby floor by this asshole and then something
I don't want to remain calm. I want this fixed
This incense it's all bullshit you think I like to taste the kale come on
Just just leave that in your office until the virus subsides and walk out those doors, and don't you back free as a bird
We crash out what do you say?
Until the quarantine is over. We'll need your cooperation to keep the situation under control
We know better than anyone else that this virus
Turns people into main acts of blathering idiots as you may know the virus trigger is a breakdown of moral barriers
unleashing repressed emotions in the infected including anger depression
fear blast what guilt gain an infected individual would make a coke addict look like a model citizen by comparison we
Still feel normal the virus can cause
drastic mood swings with potentially violent and severe consequences
It would be best if stressful work-related situations were avoided
Antidepressants stimulants even caffeine can accelerate the virus's effect
So what happens when
287 employees
with average billing rates of
$200 an hour start working for 8 hours
You don't know I
Lose half a million dollars not crack your whips
Everybody goes back to work, and if they don't like it. They are terminated immediately
And no severance packages, but the fear of me in them
What now?
Derek show ones clearance to come up before he that he reconsidered, but he wants to have a word with you and the nine first
Your password is a star 1 9 9 fucking
Colten Schneider
Aka the bull the boss is unofficial left hook
Nobody knows his exact job description, but whenever there's a hint of something dirty going on Viktor Foley there he is
Sorry we didn't get a chance to meet again
things came up
You know how it is now. I know what you're thinking. Never read. He got away with murder
Maybe I can have a little fun here
Did you really think?
That I didn't see that coming
that's
just bad for my job back, but I
like their idea, too
Sounds like it hurt is he hurt. Yes sir, no sir
They say the femur is the most difficult bone in the body to break, but I'll settle for a pinkie
What's happening
Tell me what the fuck is going on in there
You killed you and
spinet accident
Do you have any idea how many billable hours? I'm gonna lose until I find a replacement
I'm worried about the body right now. I killed it
The virus killed him you're infected you have impunity we have a president in Neville Reed
They get back up here
You
What are you doing here they fired me
Justice is served for once buta here security called the cops
But this place was quarantine before they could show up so they threw me in this hellhole
I'm suing everyone and their grandmother
Paris weird good luck. It's id7. No one's liable for anything that they do
Just like any other day for you
Okay Brian Smith the woman that fucking screwed you
She's in the building's penthouses right now
So what?
She's all yours
This is our shot to hold these assholes accountable for all the fucking damage that they've done
And our chance goes away the suit is this quarantine is over
Yeah
Can I get up now are you gonna stop being an asset it's debatable yes, yes
Yeah, I
Don't think they'd lock us up in a room with working phones don't need a working fuck this
Though the francophone call who cops can't enter the building
They're calling the cops
Derek chose somehow managed to set up a call with Vander Court CEO, and they wanted you to join in
Sorry to keep you waiting Frank, I'm all ears Oh glad you could join us John
Yes
Sir. Yeah, I am still here God John. Can you please remind me?
Why do I do business with TSE well because it's a jungle out there Frank
And not only do you need a guide, but you also need a lion walking right by your side
And we are your lion, and your guide are you?
We're just a touch concern that you may have
ulterior motives
We would never turn against our clients brain
Oh that may be true, but derek has alerted me to a certain document that seems to suggest otherwise
It's a report that a TSE different vendor Corp
It analyzes the advisability of finally a multi-million dollar lawsuit against one of Rick's ex business associates. Do you remember this report John?
No, I must say. It's well written. I like how it weighs the
slim possibility of a positive financial
outcome against the
Enormous potential litigation costs do you agree with this report Dirk?
No, sir
I do not I believe you could have won the suit then why that your
Advisers advised me against it your advisors missed the deadline to file the motion so you believe that
TSE dropped the ball on this one
I believe they dropped the ball sir
but then they also
Defecated on the ball and then sodomized
Interesting oh, and John I just happen to have your last invoice here with me
No, I will I
Will chair up the fucking phone out of his hands his hands off his fucking body now
Yeah, can I please order two pepperoni pizzas and some hot wings yeah, why not throw some garlic bread in there ah
Do you guys want?
This fucking phone doesn't work
Yeah
Christ man fuck your girl, too
Damn suit, you don't even respect each other all right
You don't
Know what
And they better work
Fuck yeah
shit
Started a countdown for the quarantine
Posting an interoffice app enough time to get the job done
I mean this place is nothing how the boss is a fucking raging cokehead. There's definitely gonna be more guards fine
I'll bring more nails only way to the top floors with a keycard or one-time password
So who do we have to fuck up to get the card you're first?
There's an asshead on the sixth floor who's got a level 2 keycard
It can take us to the 7th floor giving us access to the bitch who's got a level 3 key card
Hey extreme measures, right
Wednesday's back. Yeah yup
Bang
Really bothers me that women don't get the same treatment as men in the workplace
I'm all about gender equality here
Your head I don't need your help suit, but I need yours fuck you fuck you do
We come in and if I said, no, you'll have to confer with my associate and my gimpy
What do you want?
Keycard, I'm not the only one with a level two key card. You are the one that fired me
It's all wrong the firm fired. You don't nail gun the messenger oh
oh
my god
You bring up a very good point
I'm so sorry. Let's alright. We're good. We're totally good. Man. I will take it up with the firm
But I would love to know where I could find the firm
Because I would love to kick the firm's ass you can't kick a firm's ass
That's the point oh
Well then that brings us
back to you
I was just doing my job
No one raindrop thinks it caused the flood I
Get what that means?
You know what will happen to me if I give you this key card. I'm gonna have to file that under n
For not my fucking problem
Are you ready, ah she's gonna hurt a lot
Enjoying this aren't you you're still wanna. Tell your team for the time being all right on the count of all
Right calm down move aside cookies come on
Are we done here yet, we are now
Here take my phone I need you to film some film what?
Case file three two or three seven six the People vs Reed
Now you all know the court case, but let's discuss mr.. Neville read the man shall we by all accounts
Mr.. Reed was an upstanding pillar of the community
Earned two masters degrees by the age of twenty one
Married his college sweetheart, and is a father of beautiful twin girls, but the mystery
contracted the ID 7 virus
Shit got real
Overwhelmed by pure in Neville Reed became prone to involuntary
Aberrant and shocking impulses. He committed a gruesome
unspeakable act in broad daylight in a room full of witnesses
Now we're witnessing a model citizen here
transformed into a brutal
Killing machine at the blink of an infected eye
So I ask you this is it his fault, or is it the viruses?
He has got Lester's keycard. Oh really that's a shame a real shame sir
Just wondering did they get it before or after butchering?
Just calm down
And come up here. They're guarding the private elevator. I can't leave the office then destroy the car. It's my only leverage
car I
Promise you I will do everything in my power to ensure. He doesn't get to you, but if he does
You must protect those above you fuck those above me. I'll give you the race who always wanted fuck your eyes
I'll make you partner fuck you
deal
I'll throw it out the window
Thank you
Matt
Hide this somewhere safe and don't tell me where and make more fucking coffee now stupid bitch
The elevator is the only way upstairs we can ambush her here. Well. It's gonna be a while
Top three vans go only three only three, that's the rules alright
Motorhead Oh DRI and
Early Emperors that was a fucking fuse alright, okay, that's not what I expected, but what in Joyce's?
Dave Matthews Band is actually turn around. Yep. You got it
What the amenties band is a good band
Ever heard them life. I would rather
Chew glass are you serious just because they're popular doesn't mean that they're bad at music
I think it's actually that people think it's more popular to dislike them, so they're just trying to be cool. It's bullshit alright fine
I'll go see him at Burning Man alright make fun all you want, but if we ever get out of here
I'm gonna get us tickets alright to the Colosseum show in July I'm gonna take you there
And I'm gonna turn you on to some great musicianship. You're gonna turn me on you're on after we go out to buy Birkenstocks
Fuck off you wearing socks and bet you do okay, so sister. Just tell me again
Why you can't send a unit in to just stop this asshole a heavily armed SWAT team in a building filled with civilians
Infected with the virus would be catastrophic
Excuse me, what are you doing?
Allergies who you my fucking therapist
Anyway, all we can do is talk to the employee and it to defuse a situation
we currently have a psychologist on site who could possibly talk to the infection or
Notify the team down in the county, I'm offering 150 grand for chose head
Talking about murder here
You should be offering at least 450
Nodulation
Gonna get you four hours left till the quarantine lifts, we're running out of time well
Sometimes you gotta say what the fuck make your move risky business, yeah
Hello Derek, my name is Mark. I'm a psychologist working with the CDC. Can you hear me yes?
He can hear you mark
I was just told that you were under a bit of stress right now
So I wanted to check in on you can we talk can you tell me how you feel?
How do I feel
I
feel like
Taking my clothes off. I feel like causing
extraordinary amounts of property damage I feel like I want to scream on a fuck for like twisting limbs and breaking bones I
Feel great mark that's the virus talking I agree mark Derek isn't thinking clearly right now
He's so consumed by his it'd that. He hasn't noticed that we're just here to help him you should listen to her Derek
Why don't you sit down take a breath and talk it out?
Talk it out
Sure I'll talk you now, yeah, let's just have a conversation tracks me
Better not be fucking Dave Matthews Band
Okay
those of you
Who don't want to be a part of this can leave now Gary please listen to me?
But if you choose to stay which it seems like you guys are choosing Derek
Please you understand and agree to the following terms and conditions Derek
One there visit the Byron y'all hereby waive your right there to your own personal bodily integrity. It's not you two
Per the state versus Neville Reed my colleague
and I will not be held criminally liable for any felony or misdemeanor that you may be a victim of
including but not limited to
aggravated assault aggravated battery
disorderly conduct destruction of property mayhem and first-degree murder and three
Terms and conditions may change or be updated whatever the fuck I want
Consider yourselves notified
You
Keycard porfavor
If you want it you'll have to negotiate
Negotiations have ended also with a quarantine, and I don't know what a keycard is
What do you want juice?
Fuck your truce. No truce. No key card
All right
Tell me where it is and I promise I'll be on my way and leave you
You're a man of your word Derek
That's why I believe you
That's that's why you never made partner
He carved Derek, don't be stupid now
There's a good boy Mack. Yeah, mad
Thank you keycard derrick and fuck off what card
All I see is a useless piece of scores plastic on the table
Strange
Me too is that what you see two mech. Yep, so tell me Meg, sweetie. Why did you bring me this?
useless piece of plastic and instead of my key card
oh that is your key card, or it used to be before I put it inside a microwave oven and
Why would you do that I wonder, huh?
You're exactly like every other assistant Meg
You're a a vapid
bottom-feeding parasitic shithead
You're a pair of tits with a zero Talent, so tell me Meg
You incompetent cunt what could possibly possess you to destroy my key card because everyone upstairs knew you would betray them
So they offered me a promotion in exchange for destroying the card
so I
Guess I no longer work for you you fucking bitch
In fact I don't have to listen to your hideous
shrill voice
ever again
No more power cuts
Bullshit
No more siren song
By the way Bank, she's a little crazy
She's perfect here
Dudes a freak show has some super good quality shoes these are comfy as fuck I
love this month I
Got it on the first day that I started here my sister gave it to me
Fuck this place
Do you still have that up foreclosure paperwork on you, yeah
What
You're in luck
This mortgage is part of a bad batch
Original paperwork has filed so many times. It'd be tough to find he could even be lost
So if I ask the bank for the original paperwork you put him in a tough spot
Or a signature from upstairs could void it completely really
Yeah, I'm sorry for not
Helping you earlier I
Should have been I didn't
It's okay
Just don't do it again, I guess
You're rolling
Pushback was back all right stop
You see him
Fuck you Derek
Please give it to me. Hey. Hey, sorry
Sorry
Virus just just takes everything up - I've noticed
Yeah, I like this virus
So what now?
I wish definitely she's numbers consider an apartment give you dogs every nice. No you idiot what now
Race had an update to the office habit is Ray is the IT guy
Fuckers
There must be another way we can get up there now without the keycard
Unless yeah yeah, yeah unless what
Great can't fix the elevators, but I have another idea
Right now
Hey
We need your help
Holy shit, how that happened well we asked for his help, and then he said he was busy really
welcome to I T
We need you to hack you missin missin cover, and I need Interpol to get off my back, so what else is new
Are we talking about Irene Smythe
IT department what's wrong?
Doctor can't do much until you tell him where it hurts my internet is slower than your brain well
That's a miracle considering the budget that I have four installs and updates
Shocked and appalled
But doesn't mean time. Can you do the job? Oh?
Cool your bloomers all that
Just sent you a patch the patch. It's a file that you install on that thing in front of you called a computer, okay?
Look this might get complicated for you, but don't worry
Ready okay click on the file it on your desktop done now click install
So rude you know funny enough, I think the virus actually made her nicer I
Could have called that final mean Trojan destroy her the ultimate harddrive breakfast, she still would have installed it
And we're in
Ok so what we're looking at that those are her funds every last one of them even the porn
Seems she's got a thing for feet
What do you want? I want you to pretend that that is a peaceful village inhabited by gorgeous virgin maidens
Yeah, yeah yeah, and you're the you know smelly
aggressive Viking king
You had me a peaceful
Aren't you ignoramus that patch thing is two-faced my hard drive
Good news is we have a copy of your hard drive in the backup server
Bad news is that I have it
Worse news is that if you want it. You gotta come down and get it
What trade the backup copy for my key card
That backup is worth millions to this firm. Are you actually listening to me? I'm meeting him end of story
Oh great. Should I just remove my pants now to make it easier for him when he comes up here to fuck me
I'm not gonna give him my key card
Well he has got leverage against you the idiot. Let me decide on the meeting spot
Where's your piece Colton
All right
Just clean who is she she's one of the mortgage accounts that you and Melanie cross. I live at 22nd and Pacific
Not for long yes
Key card files
Are you uh looking for this
Just a little pro tip
Employees IQs of this firm are inversely proportionate to their salaries
So it's probably not a good idea to try to outsmart someone with a smaller paycheck
Card
Now give me the hard drive. I've got my day not yet gotta sign this first
Oh
Well I could final sure then claim temporary insanity and have it dismissed sorry, sweetie
You can always take it to the man upstairs with that card you've got if you like
Fuck it all give us a minute yeah
Bullets are for cowards
Let's wait that car doesn't work needs an access code
I'm gonna burn your eyes out
I've done for Europe
Give us the code right now. Oh give you the code
But here's the New Deal boy you give me her what destroy my work last year than my life. You want your revenge
We'll give me mine. I just want my home back. You asshole the quarantine is ending soon
Your time is running out
I'll give you a pro tip you want to swim to the top drop the dead weight
She'll do it
Five for
Three
Fuck you, I'll be back shortly, sweetie
These things only work once anything stupid
Can you see it Derek, can you see the solution to our problem?
Or ineffective you have impunity never read he got away with lemon maybe I can have a little fun here
Well I'm gonna beat you to the punch
Let's discuss
What's that the terms of my surrender partnership contract
Your fucking piece of shit
Look my guy killed your guy. You killed my guy so or even let's just get down to business now huh ladies
Monthly profit participation annual performance bonus vehicle allowances gas
maintenance and assurance chauffeur
expense accounts full cellphone allowances paid parking
Country Club fees I've seen you admiring all of this Derrick
Isn't this what you've always wanted yes, then why don't I see a fucking pen in your hand?
Do you really want to spend the next 20 years of your life
Just working your ass off for what maybe half of what I've just offered you
Sign it Derrick
Sign it and I'll suck your cock sign it and I'll help be smart be rich
Mine's bigger mine's always bigger
That's your problem dark vision
No not the nine-to-five
Look at your bar darts you
Know what they're thinking right now. They're thinking how big their piece of the pie is gonna get you stop taking yours
This is where we vote right woman, let's vote make it quick
Do your dirt
Can you do it
See was just like I am up here, but you got down there
when this is all over and
piss on your corpses well
And so the king falls
With the quarantine about to lift
I finally got to plead my case to the nine it excuse me eight and have my own day in court
Surprisingly given the fact that I just threw their former CEO off a balcony they seem pretty willing to listen
In a calm and collected manner I explained to them my
Situation my dedication to the firm the abuse of company resources by those above my paygrade yada, yada
I don't need to bore you with a long-form version
With a sound defense and in light of the day's events I pled that I think I deserved my job back
But as they voted it dawned on me
Something my sister had been trying to tell me for years
Well my new friend reminded me today. I
Didn't have a job the job had me I was just another fucking slave to the grind
Look we paint our paths with the best of intentions, but at the end of the day sometimes it takes a brushstroke of circumstance
or a deadly virus
To set us on the right path again
Oh
And the incident at TSEs are calling it
Ended up being a watershed case to finally accelerate a vaccine to prevent the symptoms of the ID 7 virus pending FDA approval of course
you're welcome and
For the firm itself well they did what any corporate asshole in a corner would do they offered me towers job?
Finally a seat at the big kids table
So I took the gig just long enough to make an executive decision and do some good in the world
I quit now
I know what you're thinking you'll have to stir it up in a nice little bow and we pretty much just killed a bunch of
People I live with that, but they do say everything happens for a reason
I'm starting to believe it
Here's one more pro tip paint your own path to success in work love and life